# localhost-styler
**Utility to browse though localhost**

As a web designer, with multiple local wordpress installations, I find myself browsing localhost on various devices over wifi network. The native look generated by the browser isn't the one I prefer.
**localhost-styler** is intended to provide an asthetically pleasing interface for browsing files being served through php servers.

## Installation

Copy *index.php* and *localhost-styler* to your MAMP root folder.

*Note: If your root folder already has index.php file, you could rename localhost-styler's index.php to something else (as you please) and supply the new name to index.php as $primary_filename under options.*

Eg. Rename index.php to localhost.php and set `$primary_filename = 'localhost.php';`

Now you can access localhost-styler from `http://<your-localhost-address>/localhost.php`

## Options:

1. Hide some filenames/directories (from all directories)
  1. Set `$hide_files = true;`
  2. Specify which filenames to hide in $hidden array.
  ```php
$hidden = array(
  '.DS_Store',
  'localhost-styler'
);
```

2. Highlight some filenames/directories (in all directories)
  1. Set `$highlight_files = true;`
  2. Specify which filenames to hide in $highlight array.
  ```php
$highlight = array(
  'index.html',
  'index.php',
);
```

3. Detect if index files are present in directories. If directory has an index file, a special icon appears on directory icon.
  1. Set `$detect_index_file = true;`

4. Use index file (if present), instead of browsing the directory with localhost-styler.
  1. Set `$use_index_file = true;`

*Note: If you have __security concerns__ regarding your files being copied by others over shared network, I'ld advise you not to use the utility.*
*If you are using localhost-styler for viewing files over shared wi-fi, anyone who types in your ip address in their browser will also be viewing the same files (in the same view as available to you). So use the options accordingly.*
*One of the workarounds is to give index.php a custom name, since index.php is loaded by default, while a custom name would have to be guessed.*

On the other hand, you could *share files* onside your localhost root folder, over shared networks, by giving your ip address and localhost styler's index filename to your friends. :)
